hi I'm Terry Stevens a hair stylist with
over 10 years of experience and today
we're at tech salon and spa in Costa
Mesa California
in this clip I'm gonna tell you how to
shampoo your hair once a week if you
feel like your hair is way too gray see
to go for a whole week without washing
it means that your head is probably over
producing oil and the best way to
reverse that is actually to tell your
scalp it needs to stop so to do that you
need to stop washing your hair every
single day or every two days so what I
like to do is I've come up with some
ways to deal with your hair and stretch
out the time in between washing and
eventually you will reverse the
overproduction of oil in your hair and
you'll be able to wash once or maybe
twice a week so some of my tips are to
wash your hair for example on Monday and
wear it down on Tuesday maybe hit it
with a curling iron for a little bit of
wave and texture by day 3 if you're
starting to get a little bit greasy
maybe try a dry shampoo I like a spray
inversion and you can just spray it at
the root all around your head especially
at the crown and then kind of work it
through and that will help absorb any
extra oils in the hair if you still feel
like you're greasy and you don't want to
walk around with that hair maybe try a
hat or I really love a scarf and if all
else fails work with the grease you have
slick your hair back and try a ponytail
for the next few days and those are my
tips for surviving dirty hair and only
washing once a week